Add release notes for `edge-21.9.1` (#6803)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

# Changes

## edge-21.9.1

This release includes various improvements and feature additions across the policy
feature i.e, New validating webhook for policy resources. This also includes changes
in the proxy i.e, terminating TCP connections when a authorization is revoked, improvements

> in the proxy authorization metrics. In addition, proxy injector has also been updated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the proxy authorization metrics. In addition, the proxy injector has also been updated
```

to set the right `opaque-ports` annotation on services with default opaque ports.

* Added a new validating admission controller to validate the policy resources
* Updated the proxy-init to remove a rule which caused the packets from the proxy
  with destination != 127.0.0.1 on localhost to be sent to the inbound proxy

> * Added new `LINKERD_DOCKER_REGISTRY` env variable to configure the docker
>   registry in the CLI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

I don't think this is something we really want to advertise as a feature. It's more of a hack for our CI.

* Updated inbound policy enforcement to interrupt TCP forwarding if a previously
  established authorization is revoked

> * Added new proxy metrics w.r.t Authorization along with traffic target labels

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added new proxy metrics to expose authorization decisions
```

* Updated inbound TCP metrics to only include a `srv_name` label
* Updated the proxy to export route-oriented metrics only when a ServiceProfile

>   is enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  is enabled
```

> * Updated the tokio dependency in the proxy to include performance improvements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated the proxy's release build configuration to improve CPU and memory utilization 
```

* Added DNS name validation to the `proxy-identity` binary which creates the
  read-only private key required by the proxy (thanks @yorkijr!)
* Updated the identity controller's default policy to be `cluster-unauthenticated`

> * Updated the proxy injector to include the correct default ports as opaque with
>   services

Reviewer: wording:
```suggestion
* Updated the proxy injector to add only the default opaque ports that a pod or service exposes
```

# Changes

## edge-21.9.1

This release includes various improvements and feature additions across the policy
feature i.e, New validating webhook for policy resources. This also includes changes
in the proxy i.e, terminating TCP connections when a authorization is revoked, improvements
in the proxy authorization metrics. In addition, proxy injector has also been updated
to set the right `opaque-ports` annotation on services with default opaque ports.

> * Added a new validating admission controller to validate the proxy resources

Reviewer 3: would it be better to say we validate policy resources here?

Author: yeah, I wanted to write policy

* Updated the proxy-init to remove a rule which caused the packets from the proxy
  with destination != 127.0.0.1 on localhost to be sent to the inbound proxy
* Added new `LINKERD_DOCKER_REGISTRY` env variable to configure the docker
  registry in the CLI
* Updated inbound policy enforcement to interrupt TCP forwarding if a previously
  established authorization is revoked
* Added new proxy metrics w.r.t Authorization along with traffic target labels
* Updated inbound TCP metrics to only include a `srv_name` label
* Updated the proxy to export route-oriented metrics only when a ServiceProfile
  is enabled.

> * Updated tokio to include performance improvements and to enable link-time

Reviewer 3: nit: do you think we should exclude this? doesn't seem very user facing.

Author: Not very user facing but perf improvements felt important to be mentioned! 🤔

Author: Hmm, We can remove the link-time part I guess. Updating

Reviewer 3: I'm good either way, I see your point too. Just asked to see what you think :)

  optimizations in the release builds
* Added DNS name validation to the `proxy-identity` binary which creates the

>   read-only private key required the proxy (thanks @yorkijr!)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  read-only private key required by the proxy (thanks @yorkijr!)
```

just a little typo 😳
